Question: How can I register for an Online Course?
Answer: When you are interested in any of the courses offered online, you have to click on Register link on the right of the batch that you want to register in the Course Schedule or send a mail to contact@srikanthtechnologies.com with course name you are interested in. We will provide the link that enables you to join virtual classroom to your email.

Question: When should I pay the course fee?
Answer: Generally after 2 or 3 sessions, we protect the virtual classroom with password. So you have to commit to the course by then to get password and continue to join virtual classroom.

Question: When do I get password for the course?
Answer: Once you commit to course by paying the course fee and filling the online admission form, we will provide password and course material by email.

Question: How will I get course material as an Online Student?
Answer: We provide course material in the form of PDF.

Question: How to make course fee payment for Online Courses?
Answer: For online payment modes, you can visit Online Payments page. You also have the option of paying in cash towards online course at the institute.

Question: Can I deposit cash into account?
Answer: No. Depositing cash into account is not permitted. You can either make an online transfer or pay by cash at the institute.

Question: Is Loyalty discount applicable for Online Students?
Answer: No. Loyalty discount is not applicable for Online Students.

Question: How can I interact during an Online Session?
Answer: You must stay in mute mode all through the session. You can post your questions and respond to questions posed during the session in the chat window. The trainer will respond to your questions whenever it is appropriate.

Question: How can I contact for any programming issue I encounter or for any clarification?
Answer: You can write to us on contact@srikanthtechnologies.com and response will be provided. If required, a meeting will be scheduled to look into the issue and resolve.

Question: Can I attend Online if I registered for Classroom course?
Answer: No. Without password you cannot join online sessions and only online students are given the password.

Question: Can I convert to classroom (offline) from Online?
Answer: Yes. You have to inform at the front-office that you are an online student but attending classes in person.

Question: How can I convert from Classroom to Online course?
Answer: You have to forgo loyalty discount received, if you availed it.

Question: Are there any guidelines regarding online course that student needs to follow?
Answer: Yes. You must read and strictly adhere to online student guidelines for smooth functioning of live online course.
